Add docs for storybook integration via GUI (#42)
zeplin/connected-components-docs: docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md

The plugin you are using could not parse or find a definition of a component. This is a common issue for React component as there are many ways to compose a component and some of these methods are not supported by `react-docgen` or `react-docgen-typescript`. Please check [React plugin documentation for details](https://github.com/zeplin/cli-connect-react-plugin).

### Cannot overwrite Connected Components

> Zeplin supports connecting components through the CLI and Zeplin apps. 
> Mistakenly using CLI can overwrite the setup done via Zeplin apps. 
> To prevent unwanted overwrites, if the latest change done via Zeplin apps, CLI warns with `Latest Connected Components update is done via Zeplin apps, you can set --force to overwrite it.` message and exists without overwriting.
> If you wish to continue by overwriting the latest change done via Zeplin apps, you can use `--force` option.
> Please check [the support article](https://zpl.io/article/storybook-integration) to learn more about Zeplin Storybook integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Storybook integration](https://blog.zeplin.io/storybook-and-zeplin-a-new-integration-228951e336e9) uses the same infrastructure as Connected Components. Using both at the same time may cause CLI to overwrite the latest changes made using the Storybook integration.

If the latest change is made with the Storybook integration on Zeplin apps, executing `zeplin connect` command prints a warning message and exits to prevent a possible overwrite.
You may use `--force` flag to enforce the overwrite operation on Zeplin CLI.

Please check [the support article](https://zpl.io/article/storybook-integration) to learn more about Zeplin Storybook integration.
```
